1)strength and weakness

strength:
My strengths are
--my leadership skills
--my work ethic 
--I’m not afraid to take on a difficult challenges 
--I typically love to work outside of my job description and do whatever is asked of me.
--I take great pride in my ability to step in and adapt to any situation to get the best results for the company.
weakness:
i don't quit my work until its done even though it takes extra of my time and i'm still working on it

2)why should we hire u

As a fresher, I don't have a lot of work experience but I can adapt and learn new things that would help this organization improve.I have the strength in maintaining the highest quality & standards of the work and productivity. After I saw the vacancy and job requirements I was excited since I saw myself as a strong candidate for this position at your company. 
 
3)where do you see yourself in next five years

I will say in the next 5 years I see myself in a responsible position with more knowledge, skills, and experience. I will use these years to gain more knowledge and experience so that I can reach the position I want to be in. Life is all about learning, and surely I will look for opportunities to enhance my skills and knowledge. I think if I join this organisation, I will get opportunities to enhance my existing skills and knowledge. I will get the exposure that will help me reach my goal.

4)tcs history
--tcs chairman - N Chandrashekharan
--tcs ceo - Rajesh gopinathan(2013)
--it is a mnc
--founders- F.C kohli, JRD tata
--tagline-bulding on belief

5)why tcs
TCS being one of the leading consultancy firm in the market and with quality working environment, Being in TCS will be an amazing opportunity to learn ,grow and explore and give the best of me. TCS would be like an ocean of endless learning experience of the most latest technologies and practices.
5 reasons-
1.work-life balance
2.brand name
3.work environment
4.people/collegues
5.leave policy

6)why do you want this job

Because everybody wants to start their career with the best company and as a fresher, I would like to join your company because your company is the fastest-growing company in the industry and if I join it will be a great opportunity for increasing my knowledge and upgrading my experience and my skills.

7)how do you deal with a stressful situation

I've found that a healthy amount of stress motivates me to stay on track and work as efficiently and effectively as possible. usually, I don't like to let stress take over a situation. Instead, I like to stay focused on the task at hand. For example, deadlines are important to me. If my manager doesn't give me deadlines, I set them for myself. That's how I'm able to consistently turn in assignments on time.

8)how could your hobbies help in your profession

As I mentioned I love playing cricket and draw a sketch which will help me to be focused and concentrate. I believe that it helps me to relax some time and built team spirit. Above all, it gives peace and refreshment.

9)manegerial questions
1)--https://www.naukri.com/learning/articles/managerial-round-interview-questions/
2)--https://www.legit.ng/1227348-top-25-managerial-interview-questions-sample-answers.html

10)Which word best describes you? 

--“I believe that 'purposeful' would describe me. Everything must be purposeful. There should be a goal if I really want to achieve anything.” 





